GENERAL COMMENTS ABOUT EAGLE COMPONENT LIBRARIES
================================================

The component libraries supplied with EAGLE have been compiled with
great care as an additional service to you, our customer.  However,
the large number of available components and suppliers of these
components means that the occasional discrepancy is unavoidable.
Please note, therefore, that CadSoft takes no responsibility for the
complete accuracy of information included in library files.

Please note that libraries are not necessarily identical to former
libraries with the same name. Therefore, it is advisable to back up
your old libraries before installing the new ones.

Additional new libraries, that have not yet been officially released,
can be found on CadSoft's internet site in the download section
(www.cadsoftusa.com).

Please note, that libraries can be edited very conveniently with the
commands EXPORT and SCRIPT.

All packages are defined in such a way, that tNames contains the
names of the components and tPlace contains the additional pc board
print. For the documentation print, tDocu is selected additionally.
This layer contains graphical objects which must not be printed onto
the board.

If components are placed on the bottom side of the board, the related
information changes from t.. to b.. layers (e.g. from tNames to
bNames).

Further usage of layers:

Holes:       mounting holes
t/bFinish:   finish, e.g. AT-Slot
t/bStop:     areas without solder stop mask, e.g. for bridging connections
t/bRestrict: area without tracks, e.g. around mounting holes
t/bKeepout:  area without components, e.g. EURO-19"
